/*Sivan spiel
cs102c2022fall
sept.7.22*/
scream for 5 seconds
Hold for five seconds
scream for 5 seconds
Hold for five seconds
scream for 5 seconds
Hold for five seconds
scream for 5 seconds
Hold for five seconds
scream for 5 seconds
Hold for five seconds
scream for 5 seconds
Hold for five seconds
scream for 5 seconds
Hold for five seconds
scream for 5 seconds 
Hold for five seconds
scream for 5 seconds 
Hold for five seconds
scream for 5 seconds
Hold for five seconds
scream for 5 seconds
Hold for five seconds
scream for 5 seconds
Hold for five seconds
scream for 5 seconds 
Hold for five seconds
scream for 5 seconds 
Hold for five seconds
scream for 5 seconds
Hold for five seconds
scream for 5 seconds
Hold for five seconds
scream for 5 seconds
Hold for five seconds
scream for 5 seconds 
Hold for five seconds
scream for 5 seconds 
Hold for five seconds
scream for 5 seconds
Hold for five seconds
scream for 5 seconds
Hold for five seconds
scream for 5 seconds
Hold for five seconds
scream for 5 seconds 
Hold for five seconds
scream for 5 seconds 
Hold for five seconds
scream for 5 seconds
Hold for five seconds

 Okay chill now

scream for 5 seconds 
Hold for five seconds
scream for 5 seconds 
Hold for five seconds
scream for 5 seconds 
Hold for five seconds
scream for 5 seconds 
Hold for five seconds
scream for 5 seconds 
Hold for five seconds
scream for 5 seconds 
Hold for five seconds
scream for 5 seconds 
Hold for five seconds
scream for 5 seconds 
Hold for five seconds
scream for 5 seconds 
Hold for five seconds
scream for 5 seconds 
Hold for five seconds
scream for 5 seconds 
Hold for five seconds
scream for 5 seconds 
Hold for five seconds
scream for 5 seconds 
Hold for five seconds
scream for 5 seconds 
Hold for five seconds
scream for 5 seconds
Hold for five seconds
scream for 5 seconds
Hold for five seconds
scream for 5 seconds
Hold for five seconds
scream for 5 seconds
Hold for five seconds
scream for 5 seconds
Hold for five seconds
scream for 5 seconds
Hold for five seconds
scream for 5 seconds
Hold for five seconds
scream for 5 seconds
Hold for five seconds
scream for 5 seconds
Hold for five seconds
scream for 5 seconds
Hold for five seconds
scream for 5 seconds
Hold for five seconds

